{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf102
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset77 Palatino-Roman;\f1\fnil\fcharset77 Monaco;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue255;\red35\green110\blue37;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10080\tx10800\tx11520\tx12240\tx12960\tx13680\tx14400\tx15120\tx15840\tx16560\tx17280\tx18000\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs40 \cf0 Brainstorm sheet.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\fs24 \cf0 Put any silly suggestions and other related/unrelated stuff in this file...\
\pard\tx480\tx960\tx1440\tx1920\tx2400\tx2880\tx3360\tx3840\tx4320\tx4800\tx5280\tx5760\tx6240\tx6720\tx7200\tx7680\tx8160\tx8640\tx9120\tx9600\tx10080\tx10560\tx11040\tx11520\tx12000\tx12480\tx12960\tx13440\tx13920\tx14400\tx14880\tx15360\tx15840\tx16320\tx16800\tx17280\tx17760\tx18240\tx18720\tx19200\tx19680\tx20160\tx20640\tx21120\tx21600\tx22080\tx22560\tx23040\tx23520\tx24000\tx24480\tx24960\tx25440\tx25920\tx26400\tx26880\tx27360\tx27840\tx28320\tx28800\tx29280\tx29760\tx30240\tx30720\tx31200\tx31680\tx32160\tx32640\tx33120\tx33600\tx34080\tx34560\tx35040\tx35520\tx36000\tx36480\tx36960\tx37440\tx37920\tx38400\tx38880\tx39360\tx39840\tx40320\tx40800\tx41280\tx41760\tx42240\tx42720\tx43200\tx43680\tx44160\tx44640\tx45120\tx45600\tx46080\tx46560\tx47040\tx47520\tx48000\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs20 \cf0 \CocoaLigature0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10080\tx10800\tx11520\tx12240\tx12960\tx13680\tx14400\tx15120\tx15840\tx16560\tx17280\tx18000\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \CocoaLigature1 Must fix bug: When closing window, the timers crashes. This can be fixed by making the LogoDocument a delegate of the window, and implementing the windowWillClose method. This method must then stop all timers and remove all observers.\
\pard\tx480\tx960\tx1440\tx1920\tx2400\tx2880\tx3360\tx3840\tx4320\tx4800\tx5280\tx5760\tx6240\tx6720\tx7200\tx7680\tx8160\tx8640\tx9120\tx9600\tx10080\tx10560\tx11040\tx11520\tx12000\tx12480\tx12960\tx13440\tx13920\tx14400\tx14880\tx15360\tx15840\tx16320\tx16800\tx17280\tx17760\tx18240\tx18720\tx19200\tx19680\tx20160\tx20640\tx21120\tx21600\tx22080\tx22560\tx23040\tx23520\tx24000\tx24480\tx24960\tx25440\tx25920\tx26400\tx26880\tx27360\tx27840\tx28320\tx28800\tx29280\tx29760\tx30240\tx30720\tx31200\tx31680\tx32160\tx32640\tx33120\tx33600\tx34080\tx34560\tx35040\tx35520\tx36000\tx36480\tx36960\tx37440\tx37920\tx38400\tx38880\tx39360\tx39840\tx40320\tx40800\tx41280\tx41760\tx42240\tx42720\tx43200\tx43680\tx44160\tx44640\tx45120\tx45600\tx46080\tx46560\tx47040\tx47520\tx48000\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs20 \cf0 \CocoaLigature0 \
Here is a problem you will run into, if you're using NSBezierPath for the drawing:\
 1: 'colorunder' will have to read the color value directly from the view, using a 'picker' method. If the turtle isn't *very* lucky, it's right over one of the antialiased color values (between the paper color and the pen-color that the line was drawn in). colorunder will pick the wrong color for sure!\
 2: When using floodfill ('fill' command), you will see traces of the edges on the filled surface, due to that NSBezierPath is (once again) antialiased.\
\
A solution *could* be to create a NSImage for the view, and do the changes on this view only. There are catches there as well...\
 1: The drawn shapes will look ugly and rough.\
 2: You'll use much more memory each time a new document is allocated.\
\
There *is* a solution to the NSBezierPath/colorunder problem...\
 colorunder could try and guess the right color value (argh!) - for 8 colors, this is easy, but for 256 colors, it's pretty much a mess!\
\
-But for the flood-fill problem, I haven't found a good solution yet.\
\
Finally, it's possible using a QuickDrawView as well. This will enable you to use the Carbon QuickDraw commands, but the drawings will still look rough/pixelated.\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs22 \cf0 \CocoaLigature1 \
\pard\tx480\tx960\tx1440\tx1920\tx2400\tx2880\tx3360\tx3840\tx4320\tx4800\tx5280\tx5760\tx6240\tx6720\tx7200\tx7680\tx8160\tx8640\tx9120\tx9600\tx10080\tx10560\tx11040\tx11520\tx12000\tx12480\tx12960\tx13440\tx13920\tx14400\tx14880\tx15360\tx15840\tx16320\tx16800\tx17280\tx17760\tx18240\tx18720\tx19200\tx19680\tx20160\tx20640\tx21120\tx21600\tx22080\tx22560\tx23040\tx23520\tx24000\tx24480\tx24960\tx25440\tx25920\tx26400\tx26880\tx27360\tx27840\tx28320\tx28800\tx29280\tx29760\tx30240\tx30720\tx31200\tx31680\tx32160\tx32640\tx33120\tx33600\tx34080\tx34560\tx35040\tx35520\tx36000\tx36480\tx36960\tx37440\tx37920\tx38400\tx38880\tx39360\tx39840\tx40320\tx40800\tx41280\tx41760\tx42240\tx42720\tx43200\tx43680\tx44160\tx44640\tx45120\tx45600\tx46080\tx46560\tx47040\tx47520\tx48000\ql\qnatural

\f1\fs20 \cf3 \CocoaLigature0  Proposal for more preferences:\
 Constant values should always be added as accessors to Preferences.m, so that later, you can decide whether it should be possible to change them.\
 -For instance, the user might want to change some of the values, that members or variables are initialized with.\
 \cf0 \
\cf3  Name of initial turtle(s)\cf0 \
\cf3  Color of initial turtle(s)\cf0 \
\cf3  Shape of initial turtle(s) - Name the shapes\cf0 \
\cf3  Default scaling for turtles (should be possible to set the scaling by commands as well)\cf0 \
\cf3  Default turtle shape\
 Default file for opening at startup (I'd like this very much for testing <JB>)\
 Allow user to decide whether to use Quartz (NSBezierPath) or QuickDraw (MoveTo/LineTo) for drawing on the screen. (NSBezierPath should *always* be used for printing/PDF creation, though)\cf0 \
\
\cf3  Name of initial turtle(s) (if the user types more than one name, more turtles are generated)\cf0 \
\cf3  Color of initial turtle(s). I suggest a textfield like the following:\cf0 \
\cf3  Turtles: Bob:blue,Frank:red,Fred:#3399cc,Miriam:magenta\cf0 \
\cf3  Another possibility is having a default-color for the turtles.\cf0 \
\cf3  A default turtle-scale could be added as well, so that it isn't just 1.0, but could go up to 10 times its normal size or be scaled down to 0.1 or whatever.. ;)\cf0 \
\cf3  Default turtle shape: This should be a "compiled" shape, which only consist of numbers. See the current built-in shape for details.\cf0 \
\
\cf3  Silly suggestions:\cf0 \
\cf3  Make the application a server-client style application, so that each computer can act as a turtle itself. ;)\cf0 \
\cf3  (Heh, wouldn't it be fun, when adding music playing?)\cf0 \
\
\
Color table:\
long colorTab[256] = \{\
	0xffffff,	// index 0\
	0xffffcc,\
	0xffff99,\
	0xffff66,\
	0xffff33,\
	0xffff00,\
	0xffccff,\
	0xffcccc,\
	0xffcc99,\
	0xffcc66,\
	0xffcc33,\
	0xffcc00,\
	0xff99ff,\
	0xff99cc,\
	0xff9999,\
	0xff9966,\
	...\
	...\
	...\
	0xee0000,	// index 215\
	0xdd0000,\
	0xbb0000,\
	0xaa0000,\
	0x880000,\
	0x770000,\
	0x550000,\
	0x440000,\
	0x220000,\
	0x110000,\
	0x00ee00,\
	0x00dd00,\
	...\
	0x0000ee,	// index 235\
	0x0000dd,\
	...\
	0xeeeeee,	// index 245\
	0xdddddd,\
	...\
	0x000000	// index 255\
	\};\
	\
	\
	\
}